c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.TestApp.apk
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.TestApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\TestApp.TestApp.apk
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\menu\popmenu.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_action.png
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_dashboard.png
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_event.png
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_forum.png
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_headset.png
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\menu\optionsmenu.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\nextmenu.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\TestApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\porsche.xml
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.xml
